Deck Created with CardGameDB.com The Lord of the Rings Deckbuilder

NOTES:
This deck is built around a Háma - Descendant of Thorondor - Meneldor's Flight cycle to deal 4 damage (in two sets of 2) to the staging area each round. The rest of the deck contributes to making the cycle cheaper or easier in some way.

How the cycle works:
1) Descendant of Thorondor comes into play, dealing 2 damage to an enemy in the staging area.
2) Meneldor's Flight returns Descendant of Thorondor to your hand, triggering its "leaves play" ability and dealing another 2 damage to an enemy in the staging area. Meneldor's Flight goes to the discard pile.
3) Háma declares as an attacker, returning Meneldor's Flight to your hand (and discarding a different card from your hand to pay for it).

This cycle costs 4 resources and one card per turn, and you normally acquire 3 resources and one card per turn. Most of the rest of the deck provides assistance to this combination:

Beravor provides 2 cards per turn.
Radagast provides 1 resource per turn.
Gléowine provides 1 card per turn.
Rivendell Minstrel allows you to fetch Song of Battle from your deck, which in turn gives Beravor a Tactics icon, allowing her to help pay for Descendant of Thorondor.
Horn of Gondor provides 1 resource when Descendant of Thorondor (or any other character) leaves play.
Born Aloft can be attached to Descendant of Thorondor if you haven't drawn Meneldor's Flight yet.
Song of Battle gives Beravor a Tactics icon, allowing her to help pay for Descendant of Thorondor.
The Eagles Are Coming! allows you to potentially get Descendant of Thorondor out faster.
Word of Command lets you exhaust Radagast to fetch any card in the combination that would be helpful to you.
Lorien's Wealth adds 3 cards to your hand.

The remaining cards in the deck add to the Eagle theme:

Eagles of the Misty Mountains gains power as other Eagle cards leave play.
Landroval is a powerful Eagle, who can save the life of one hero per game.
Vassal of the Windlord is a cheap, powerful attacking Eagle, who automatically leaves play after attacking.
Radagast not only works with the cycle, but can also heal Eagle cards.
Winged Guardian is a reasonably-priced, powerful defending Eagle, who can either pay 1 Tactics resource or leave play after defending.
Support of the Eagles lets one Eagle contribute its power to a Tactics hero. This can include Eagles of the Misty Mountains, whose power grows as other Eagles leave play.
Horn of Gondor adds 1 resouce when ANY character leaves play, including Eagles. And getting attached to Eagles of the Misty Mountains as a facedown attachment DOES count as leaving play.
Born Aloft can work with Horn of Gondor or Eagles of the Misty Mountains just as well as with Descendant of Thorondor.
The Eagles Are Coming! fetches ALL Eagles from the first five cards of your deck, and costs 0. It's a great kickstarter.
To the Eyrie lets you exhaust an Eagle to rescue any character that's being killed, moving it to your hand instead of the discard pile.



Total Cards: (50)

Hero: (3)
1x Hama (The Long Dark)
1x Beravor (Core Set)
1x Legolas (Core Set)

Ally: (24)
3x Eagles of the Misty Mountains (Return to Mirkwood)
3x Landroval (A Journey to Rhosgobel)
3x Vassal of the Windlord (The Dead Marshes)
3x Winged Guardian (The Hunt for Gollum)
3x Descendant of Thorondor (The Hills of Emyn Muil)
3x Radagast (A Journey to Rhosgobel)
3x Gleowine (Core Set)
3x Rivendell Minstrel (The Hunt for Gollum)

Attachment: (11)
3x Support of the Eagles (Return to Mirkwood)
3x Horn of Gondor (Core Set)
2x Born Aloft (Conflict at the Carrock)
3x Song of Battle (The Dead Marshes)

Event: (15)
3x Meneldor's Flight (The Hills of Emyn Muil)
3x The Eagles Are Coming! (The Hunt for Gollum)
3x To the Eyrie (A Journey to Rhosgobel)
3x Word of Command (The Long Dark)
3x Lorien's Wealth (Core Set)

Side Quest: (undefined)

